# Data-driven corrections of the 1D heat equation

This repository contains the code used for my master's thesis [Introducing CoSTA: A Deep Neural Network Enabled Approach to Improving Physics-Based Numerical Simulations](https://ntnuopen.ntnu.no/ntnu-xmlui/handle/11250/2826627).

Please cite the master's thesis or the related article [Deep neural network enabled corrective source term approach to hybrid analysis and modeling](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893608021004494) if you publish academic works utilizing code from this repository.

File overview:

- config.py: Main configuration file.
- datasets.py: Used for creating training, validation and test sets.
- determine_fine_resolution.py: Used for determining the spatial and temporal resolution required for the numerical
  solution to change less than some pre-determined amount as the spatial grid is refined by a factor 3
  or as the temporal grid is refined by a factor 2.
- inspect_dataset.py: Used for verifying that the data generated by datasets.py is correct.
- inspect_systems.py: Used for visualizing the temporal development of different physical systems.
- main.py: Main entry point for training and evaluating data-driven correction models. Supported command line options:
    - --dataset: Create new dataset.
    - --train: Train new model.
    - --test: Evaluate the performance of a trained model.
- models.py: Defines different neural network models.
- physics.py: The numerical solver of the 1D heat equation which is used by datasets.py to generate data.
- test.py: Used for evaluating the performance of a trained model.
- train.py: Used for training a model.
- util.py: Contains various helper functions.
